hey guys today I'm going to be showing
you the easiest smokey eye and I only
use two products I recently started a
new job so I'm waking up at seven in the
morning and I look like a zombie that
early in the morning so I wanted it easy
makeup look that wouldn't take much time
yet I was going to look presentable and
I love my sort of dramatic eyes but I
don't really go to dark in the daytime
so I love this makeup look for the
daytime i think the eyes look really
nice dramatic yet still appropriate for
the date time and you only need to a
products like i said so super simple
super easy anyone can do and i hope you
guys enjoy it so you want to start off
with your brown eyeliner this is
delaurio 16 hour and fallible eyeliner
in black brown I got this ages ago so I
I don't even know if they're still on
sale but just any brown soft brown
eyeliner will work what you want to do
is starting from the base of your eyes
you want to create sorry my voice just
um voice is cracking you want to start
creating a line you don't need to worry
about being super neat but just make
sure there's no spaces between your lash
line and the liner and just go all the
way in I'll I creating a soft wing in
the end because it's just flattery on my
eyes and you want to go with the pencil
brush I apologize this is dirty but it's
just a pencil brush and you want to
start blending this eyeliner and
creating a soft kind of gradient look
you kind of want to blend all the way to
where your crease is so you have some
color all over your lid comes to the
outer corner I just kind of al engage
and create a soft wing so there you have
color all over your eye and then going
with a light kind of brown color just a
couple of shades darker than your
natural skin tone for me i'm using kid
by mac you just didn't get it big fluffy
brush kind of blending brush and you
want to blend the edges to make sure
that the color blends in slightly tap
some of that color on my lid to ensure
that that pencil does increase or go
anywhere and back to your brown pencil
just add some more color to the roots of
your lashes this time making it slightly
thinner and I'm adding a soft wing in
the end again sure the line is thicker
in the end because that will create that
soft smokey eye luck with your pencil
brush you want to blend it again but
make sure that you don't blend as much
this time to ensure that the color is
nice and dark by your lashes
well back with your blending brush don't
add any more product but just ensure
that especially the outer corner is nice
and window with the leftover color you
have on your pencil brush from all the
blending the pencil you just want to go
under your eye and gently define your
lower lashes I like to go all the way in
but make it slightly thicker towards the
outer corner and then I like using my
brown eyeliner to line just the outer
corner of my lash line I stop where my
irises and this will ensure that your
eyes don't look small and closed up but
you still get that definition i also
like my upper waterline like tight line
so i just went and did the other eye as
you can see this is the eye makeup
complete and now all you have to do is
apply a couple of coats of your favorite
mascara on your top left you a volume
cult look using the four valve volume
club a mascara and it's got a nice big
volumizing brush I did a review of the
semester if you're interested so check
out my blog i'll leave the link down
below and this is the finished look
after the mascara it was super simple as
you could see I just zoomed out so you
can see how it looks as a whole I'll
show you what I have in my face if
you're wondering on my cheeks I have
this new product I got and it's the Max
Factor miracle creamy blush and the
color is soft pink this is so pretty and
it looks so nice on the cheeks and then
you love on my lips I have a combination
of two mac lipsticks to start I applied
some hot Tahiti on my lips and this is a
kind of brownish um plum lipstick and
then on top to give more brightness and
make it a little bit more summery I
applied some mac ravishing this is a
beautiful orange lipstick and mine has
sort of melted off back in Brazil but
hey
so wearables is a super easy look
perfect for summer if you like more
dramatic I even though it's not really
dramatic I wear this to work like I said
in the beginning and I just like because
it's really quick and fuss-free and I
hope you guys enjoy it to my blog and my
social media will be in the downbar like
usual if you have any suggestions of
looks you like me to do let me know and
I'll see you next time thank you so much
for watching hi